# Tempest
Automation tool using FlaUI that collects data on program behaviour, allowing an anomaly-detection model to identify irregular or malicious behaviour involving tested programs

# Using the program
Upon successful start, the user will be prompted to input a program pathname, and a maximum number of interactions. The program will start automating UI elements from that program randomly. It will keep doing this until the given number of interactions have occurred. All actions taken are logged. If a new program is spawned due to some sort of interaction from the defined program, it will interact with that new program for a limited number of interactions, before it will switch focus back to the original program. If the original program closes, a new instance of it will be automatically launched. Note that this program will automate movement of the mouse, so it will not be feasible to do other things whilst running the program. If you want to kill the program early, press the ESC key to trigger a failsafe and terminate automation. The failsafe will also trigger automatically if certain conditions are met whilst running. The generated logs come in 3 formats, one of which is human-readable so you can understand what happened, and two of which are automation-friendly if you wish to use the logs with an anomaly-detection model to identify any irregular or malicious behaviour from the program.

Two things to note: First, the program will not run if any files titled AutomationLogReadable.txt, AutomationLog.txt, or ElementLog.txt exist in the Logs folder, as these are the files the program writes to. After running the program, make sure to either remove those files, rename them, or move them elsewhere. Second, keep in mind this program has quite a few bugs due to limitations with FlaUI, and it isn't compatible with all programs.
